Feature/231 export mode und export sidecars (#232)
cloudogu/k8s-dogu-operator: docs/operations/dogu_export_mode_en.md

# Export mode for Dogus

To migrate a multinode CES instance, the data of all Dogus must be copied from the source instance to the target instance.
To minimize downtime during the migration, the data should be copied while the source instance is still in operation.

> The “Export mode” of a Dogus makes the data volume of the Dogus available for migration via an “Exporter” sidecar container.

Reviewer: plural typo, repeating
```suggestion
The “Export mode” of a Dogu makes its data volume available for migration via an “Exporter” sidecar container.
```

## Activating the export mode

The Dogu resource has a boolean field `exportMode` in its description.
To set a Dogu to export mode, this must be set to `true` by updating the Dogu resource.

Example:
```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.cloudogu.com/v2
kind: Dogu
metadata:
  name: ldap
  annotations:
    test: dev
  labels:
    dogu.name: ldap
    app: ces
spec:
  name: official/ldap
  version: 2.6.8-3
  exportMode: true
```

`kubectl apply -f ldap.yaml`

> **Note:** Activating the export mode for a restart of the Dogus.

Technically, the `k8s-dogu-operator` updates the deployment of the Dogus.
An additional “sidecar” container is added to the Dogus pod.
This container also has a volume mount for the data volume of the Dogus.
This makes the data available for migration via “Rsync over SSH”

## Deactivation of the export mode

> To restore a Dogu to its original state, the Dogu resource must be set to `false` with an
> `exportMode` field must be updated.

Reviewer: Mangled sentence:
```suggestion
To restore a Dogu to its original state, the Dogu resource must be updated with the `exportMode` field  to `false`.
```
